---
title: "2018"
date: 2017-12-28T13:10:19-06:00
---

# The Year Behind

## A Couple of Scenes from 2017

I'm getting off the bus at 300 SW Lincoln, the snow crunching under my feet. I've spent the past week doing almost nothing. I would wake up, eat something, drink some coffee, and play the Witcher 3 for a number hours, then go back to bed. I finished at Epicodus in October, did my internship, and I've been hoping that the person with whom I did my internship. I have, however, become suspicious that the funding he promised would not come through, and evidence for that viewpoint is mounting, so it seems that I will need to find work elsewhere. I've been putting that off for as long as possible - I did the boot camp thing, but I'm far from confident that it will get me a job before several months of applications and interviews. I sent the first one earlier today - Max Hampton is a developer I met at Blue Volt, the company across the hall from Recentia in the PSU startup accelerator. I met him by bumming a cigarette off of him in front of the building one day when I was getting nervous about my employment prospects. When I told him I was working in Angular he suggested that I send him my resume and he would send it off to his hiring manager. That would have been in late November, but I never got back to him till today, and I was really nervous my ship had sailed. It was the funniest thing, though, because I sent him my resume today and I got a call less than a half hour later. It was Deepak, Max's hiring manager, asking if I could come to the office in a half hour for an interview. Being unemployed, I was in no position to refuse, so off I went. The roads are too dangerous with all the snow and the Portland drivers, but the buses are running just fine. So here I am, crunching snow and all, going to my very first tech interview.

It's been almost a year since then. The snow melted, the sun shone, and the snow fell again. I wrote code I was proud of and I wrote code that had to get out the door, doing both professionally for the first time. I read a lot, but not as much as I could have. I improved a lot, but not as much as I could have. I read a ton of political news, but I didn't act on most of it. I meditated a bit, but not as much as I might have. 

# The Year Ahead

Some things are certain about 2018. There will be a round of mid-term elections. 